You don't have to worry about that.
Who just said that they want to learn how to bark and crawl from me?
Are you going to kneel down and apologize to me?
Daming Xinjiang down
You can't talk without talking
He said all those words
I didn't promise you.
Soft how are you
How could I possibly make such a cheap poison?
It's all his gamble
I didn't say yes.
You also heard that Jiang Yurou refused to admit it
Then you can only be punished
woof
And?
That's enough!
He has paid the price and that is enough
If not for this call
I am the one who is forced to kneel and apologize now
When he kicked my nose in the face just now
But now I'm just tit for tat.
You think I've gone too far.